Ciac 13908 (#40095)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_6_10.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue in the EWSO365 integration when replying a non-subject mail to a mail with no subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***reply-mail*** failed when replying to non-subject mail.
```
